no 0rtt on fallback (#39)
martinduke/quic-version-aliasing: draft-duke-quic-protected-initial.md

the client hello is an input to the Integrity tag in the public_key_failed
transport parameter, which will be in the transcript.

> If any part of the client hello changes (e.g the SNI or ALPN), it MUST NOT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any part of the client hello changes (e.g the SNI or ALPN), the client MUST NOT
```

> include a resumption ticket or send 0RTT packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include a resumption ticket or send 0-RTT packets.
```
